here we go guys excuse my da wheelchair
VI like I said here we go take a closer
look it is the video and the lighting is
actually making like making it look a
lot cleaner and wider than it is ok go
right there you got that back up there
and get my this scratch is pretty sure I
can just clean that off I don't have to
paint over that the midsole its arms
shake you guys i just got done working
out and moms are like exhausted yeah
there's like the midsole it's all dirty
and all that um the piazza gets the pl
the pl is pretty bad it doesn't look
that bad in the video but it is an in
person it's got like like when it rains
and Scott like through the watermarks
it's not focusing correctly i think i'm
going to actually make the pl shine for
him fix it it's not focused incorrectly
so i'll just keep going so yeah the good
and then i'm going to clean that i
really don't know what to do with that i
think i was going to end up just like
cleaning into the cracks sorry it's
blurry for you guys let me focus it yeah
i'm really trying to i'm saving up
already for camera so we i can get a lot
more better qualities and put it out for
you guys but yeah there's a I'm sorry
taking too long to get to tha get around
the shoe trying to focus that you guys
can get that and there's that look on
the top that's on some ways like bro
and this I really dirty on the tone and
tomorrow I'm actually going to be
putting up another video of the
customization for a friend that I'm
doing I won't say what i'm doing yet let
me just get around the shooting we go a
little bit faster get the other one just
got real quick that go to town I got the
time i'm sorry the toe box dirty like
the other one dirty mesh like the other
one dirty myths on permits oh yeah dirty
midsole dirty PL dirty everything so I'm
recording this video the day I got the
shoes today is what March 26 so it's not
going up March 26 that will be going up
the day I finish the shoes and that was
that's when the video go i'll probably
finish those customs tomorrow today i
get them stop at the video up to that
day hopefully i'll finish them by
tomorrow but yeah it's the South sneaker
guy why a might like no I'll be done
right now what's up guys how sneaker
right here and like I said here is the
after of the cherry 11 lows actually I'm
shooting this video two days after I got
the shoe I'm trying to get that good
look like this is no longer a dirty it
looks dirty rare because I just finished
it i'm going to let it dry but it is all
white i'm done with poached both shoes
and I white on the lace this week you
can always just wash the beginning see
the difference see how dare they were at
first there's a tongue white the pl re
shine do
it's all clean yeah honey that's where
look at there you go over there there's
a view looks really good like I said it
looks a little dark on the match because
i just got done cleaning them so they
are still wet shine the pl on both of
them see ya they came all along they
came up better a lot better than what
they have the cliq before
so yeah guys went south nigga right here
hope you enjoyed this video I'm thinking
about putting up like timelapses of me
cleaning the shoes just so you guys can
learn but we'll see in that will see
that in the hopefully in the future so
yeah peace